OSDOCS-16939: DITA abstracts — OLM understanding topics (#115281)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-fb-catalogs-example.adoc

[id="olm-fb-catalogs-example_{context}"]
= Example catalog

[role="_abstract"]

> File-based catalog maintainers on {product-title} can build a catalog by rendering each Operator's catalog into a subdirectory of the catalog root directory. A common approach uses a single configuration file with image references and a script to assemble and publish the catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With file-based catalogs, catalog maintainers can focus on Operator curation and compatibility. Because Operator authors have already produced Operator-specific catalogs for their Operators, catalog maintainers can build their catalog by rendering each Operator catalog into a subdirectory of the root catalog directory.
```
